hey today's video is going to be all
about piston doors first and show you
how to turn the to buy one piston door
start by placing two sticky pistons on
top of each other then place to drugs
next to it then remove these blocks and
place your wrist on why I like so remove
this blog then placed on your wrist
don't roll and a blog above it and put a
redstone dust on top of the blockages
place now both of the patient should be
extended now we just need to cover it up
and placed on our perfect place now
let's go one step further and we get
ubuntu vision board it's basically
you're saying the sign but you Nero it
the other side
stop existing systems and locks like
this I'm almost you know what to do now
remove the block replace your redstone
the torches let's lock top of the
torches and the rest of dust on top of
the blocks again we only need to do it
on one side
if you ran away from this with your
helpful piece of is accusing in the life
and comment also if you want to get up
there and going to post a new video
subscribe too much